* #130: Enabled configuration of Data Type Detection for `IMPORT` statement. (#131)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-jdbc: README.md

* [Changelog](doc/changes/changelog.md)
* [Dependencies](dependencies.md)

> ### Adapter Properties for JDBC-Based Virtual Schemas

Reviewer: Without wanting to nitpick, we usually have this kind of information in a separate user guide. I guess I can live with the info in the README in this case though.

> Besides the properties for all Virtual Schemas there is a property specific to JDBC-based Virtual Schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the [common properties for all Virtual Schemas](https://docs.exasol.com/db/latest/database_concepts/virtual_schema/adapter_properties.htm#VirtualSchemaProperties) there is a property specific to JDBC-based Virtual Schemas.
```

#### Property `IMPORT_DATA_TYPES`

Supported values:

| Value | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| `EXASOL_CALCULATED` (default) | Use data types calculated by Exasol database from the query and connection metadata. |

> | `FROM_RESULT_SET` | Infer data types from values of the result set. |

Reviewer: Reformat please.

> The algorithm behind `EXASOL_CALCULATED` was introduced with VSCJDBC version 10.0.0 and is only available with Exasol 7.1.14, Exasol 8.6.0 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm behind `EXASOL_CALCULATED` was introduced with VSCJDBC version 10.0.0 and is only available with from Exasol 7.1.14 on in the 7.1.x series and from Exasol 8.6.0 on and above.
```

> Unfortunately the new algorithm shows problems in scenarios with     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately with the new algorithm compatibility problems with the source database can happen under the following circumstances:

```

* data type `CHAR` or `VARCHAR`
* 8-bit character sets with encodings like `latin1` or `ISO-8859-1`
* characters being not strictly ASCII, e.g. German umlaut "Ü"

> In such scenarios using property `IMPORT_DATA_TYPES` you can deactivate the new algorithm. VSCJDBC will then infer encoding UTF-8 from the data values in the result set which allows Exasol database to accept these values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a workaround, you can set the property `IMPORT_DATA_TYPES` to `FROM_RESULT_SET` to switch to the previous algorithm. VSCJDBC will then infer encoding UTF-8 from the data values in the result set which allows Exasol database to accept these values.

Note that there is an extra database connection and metadata query required for this mechanism, so it is slightly less efficient than the new one.
```
